So we finished the update screen and everything is working fine.
Now we want to go back to our main screen, our home screen, because we need to restructure a few things.
First of all, if you remember correctly from the beginning of this course, or at least the beginning
of the sections where we started putting together this app, I said that the idea is here is to categorize
these books into two categories.
The first one at the top is going to be the what the user is reading right now, and at the bottom it's
going to just be the reading list.
So if you users, when they add the book, all the added book.
We'll go to the bottom trawling list.
It's not until they click on the reading list item and they go to update the book and they can say,
OK, I'm starting reading this.
And if they do so, the moment they say started reading this, then we're going to transfer that book
onto the you are reading activity right now.
OK, so the top category.
So that is the structure that is the flow.
We need to add to this app to make it really work and worthwhile.
OK, let's go ahead and do that.